This sermon is brought to you by Buford Road Baptist Church.
the speaker today is Pastor Tony Kahoot
I want to read
what we call the Christmas story to you
Out of the Gospel of Luke, Chapter 2.
And?
This has always been something very special in our home.
Since I can remember as a child on Christmas morning,
We would always turn to this text and we would read this
Portion of Scripture,
Before any presence of any sort were exchanged,
And we have
Carried this tradition on from our childhood into.
Our our family's life and I'm glad to know that they still do this.
Together as well.
And I don't think that we could really.
End of service, or get to the close to the end without reading these wonderful blessed words.
And so let me read for you tonight in Luke, Chapter two.
Beginning in verse number one.
And it came to pass in those days that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus.
That all the world should be taxed,
And this taxing was first made when Cyrenius was governor of Syria.
And all went to be taxed
Everyone into his own city.
And Joseph also went up from Galilee, out of the city of Nazareth,
Into Judea, unto the city of David, which is called Bethlehem.
Because it was of the house and lineage of David.
To be taxed with Mary, his espoused wife, being great with child.
And so it was that while they were there,
The days were accomplished that she should be delivered.
And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger.
Because there was no room for them in the inn.
And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field.
Keeping watch over their flock by night.
And lo, the angel of the Lord came upon them,, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them,, and they were sore afraid.
And the angel said unto them, Fear not.
For behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people.
For unto you is born this day in the city of David a saviour,
Which is Christ the Lord,
And this shall be a sign unto you.
You shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger.
And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude.
Of the heavenly host praising God and saying, glory to God in the highest.
And on earth,
Peace,
Good-will toward men!
And it came to pass, as the angels were gone away from them into heaven, the shepherds said one to another.
Let us now go even unto Bethlehem.
And see this thing which is come to pass, which the Lord hath made known unto us.
And they came with haste, and found Mary and Joseph, and the babe lying in a manger.
And when they had seen it,
They made known abroad the saying which was told them concerning this child.
And all they that heard it wondered at those things which were told them by the shepherds.
But Mary kept all these things and pondered them in her heart.
And the shepherds returned, glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard.
And seen as it was told,,
Unto them.
And we do want to wish you.
All of very, very Merry Christmas.
And a very happy prosperous new year.
And I do pray that you would keep Christ in the center
Of all of your activities
All of your festivities.
Tomorrow I'd like to encourage you to
Maybe perhaps pick up a tradition if you have not done it already.
Before anything is celebrated or gifted.
You would take time to open the scriptures maybe with a cup of coffee
And as you reflect on
What this season is all about.
Take time,
To thank god in heaven.
For sending Jesus.
To be the sacrifice for our soul.
And the scripture says, though he was rich, he became poor.
That through his poverty, we might be made rich.
We remember the scriptures for the Son of Man has come to seek and to save that which was lost.
Thank God.
Even before this world was made,
God chose to send Jesus.
The lamb of God.
Who was slain before the foundation of this world.
To go to the cross.
He shed his blood.
For God would raise him gloriously from the dead.
And by us putting our faith and our trust
In the Lord Jesus.
The Bible says, for whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.
I'm thankful tonight that we can stand here together as born-again believers in the faith.
Knowing whom we had the means.
Knowing that there is an empty tomb and a risen savior.
And the Christ of Christmas.
It's truly our mistake.
May you be blessed.
Tonight
Tomorrow
And then this brand new year to come.
We love you.
We thank God for every home and family.
That makes up the congregation of Beaufort Road Baptist Church.
you listen to Pastor Tony Kahoot
For more information, visit our website at bufordrodebaptistchurch.com